very good to all the guys that such
you are today and today we are going to make a
tutorial that I find great for
all those that you like to destroy
things you will love is a cannon a
dynamite-firing cannon is a
authentic barbarity look for that
we need obsidian reddish stone
we need stone slabs a lever
we need what is water repeaters and
dynamite more let's be able to look three
obsidian stones and as you see and
in the form of a 6 more over here
and six more 1 2 3 4 5 6 alright let's
put another one right in the beginning
separated very well there is
and let's put the lever on this
it's going to be the one that's going to make it work
the cannon well now the next thing that
let's put it going to be the slabs of
good stone I put them in stone but
they can be from another thing the law of stone
I put one and two on the right side and
four on the left side and then two
more perfect there are separated one vais to
give an account of why you have to
put and all those slabs worth stone
reddish that attach the lever with the
obsidian and on the left side what
led to the end without touching the stone
ok and there I put it on the stone above
down one plus another plus there and there starts
to put repeaters
there are six repeaters that I have to put
the repeaters is so that always for
that the action of
throw the dynamite you will not see now there's
six repeaters and I have to put him
I will have three clicks three clicks 3 3 and
these last two two only worth
and reddish foot joining it with the lever
let's do a little review of the
what you see there is bet the
repeaters reddish feet that joins with the
lever that what you do go see there
you see the repeaters that have a
little bit more than the signal at the end
on the right side well there we place
the water right at the start that's going to go
until the end and it will be on the verge of
the stone slab and you're ready to
to do again is to place the dynamite on
fundamental order first dynamite that
it is put in which is going to launch that is
that one there and in the water we put the rest
until leaving one of water well now
it's ready we just stand
a high zone to see how it is launched
we activate the lever and the dynamite goes to
go out and you'll see by a
authentic last super fun for
all those like you said before
like to play with dynamite we are going to
try another one is worth it for you to see
we remember we put the dynamite in the
high part and then
in the water until there is only one
of water we activate the lever
let's go up and boom my sale
shot dynamite and explode as you see
an authentic past I love super
fun especially when you play with
more friends in case you make a
battle against each other you put a spout
from the front against another and nothing else
we'll see you in the tutorials
subscribe and like thank you